Wait…
Who ordered to kill me?
That doesn't matter.
You were a card to discard to begin with.
I wanted to make you some coffee.
My mom used to love this coffee.
My dad's new wife
threw out all of my mom's belongings.
But I never let her throw this out
until the end.
Sitting still and
watching the coffee being made like this
strangely makes me feel at ease.
How did you end up
becoming a secret agent?
It's just that…
you didn't have to take up
such a dangerous job.
No one can choose their country
when they're born.
I was born there…
and given this job.
Can't you just quit
if you don't want to do it?
Have you ever killed a person?
Pull the trigger, and it's over.
No.